#summary Command-line maven support for GWT

= Introduction =

Utilizing the command-line, maven support to create and launch GWT projects.

= Details =

== GWT Maven Plugin Archetype ==

There is an [http://mojo.codehaus.org/gwt-maven-plugin/user-guide/archetype.html archetype] to aid in creation of GWT projects:

{{{
C:\PittJUG Presentation\pittjug-gwt-201108>mvn --batch-mode ^
More? archetype:generate ^
More? -DarchetypeRepository=repo1.maven.org ^
More? -DarchetypeGroupId=org.codehaus.mojo ^
More? -DarchetypeArtifactId=gwt-maven-plugin ^
More? -DarchetypeVersion=2.3.0-1 ^
More? -DgroupId=net.stackdump.example.gwt ^
More? -DartifactId=gwtexample ^
More? -Dversion=1.0-SNAPSHOT ^
More? -Dpackage=net.stackdump.example.gwt.gwtexample ^
More? -Dmodule=GWTExample
[INFO] Scanning for projects...
[INFO] Searching repository for plugin with prefix: 'archetype'.
[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INFO] Building Maven Default Project
[INFO]    task-segment: [archetype:generate] (aggregator-style)
[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INFO] Preparing archetype:generate
[INFO] No goals needed for project - skipping
[INFO] [archetype:generate {execution: default-cli}]
[INFO] Generating project in Batch mode
[INFO] Archetype defined by properties
[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INFO] BUILD SUCCESSFUL
[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INFO] Total time: 1 second
[INFO] Finished at: Sun Aug 14 15:20:42 EDT 2011
[INFO] Final Memory: 12M/245M
[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
}}}